fixes #156 Update description of endDateDetails (#171)
open-contracting/infrastructure: docs/reference/changelog.md

#### OC4IDS project schema

* [#157](https://github.com/open-contracting/infrastructure/issues/157) - fix spelling and grammar issues

> * [#156](https://github.com/open-contracting/infrastructure/issues/156) - update description of endDateDetails

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#156](https://github.com/open-contracting/infrastructure/issues/156) - Correct use of 'contract' rather than 'project' in description of `completion/endDateDetails`
```
